okay today what I'm going to do to show
you guys how to install the front wheel
onto your Forks for instance you're
going to do just drop this down in the
forks like that
okay now these first set of washes that
I'm going to install see this groove
right there this holds the wheel onto
the fork see that the like holds it on
and then that's good it's that way you
know front wheel does he come off while
you're in the air doing a jump you know
you'd stay on what it's most important
then the second set of washers are see
they go on outside you know to make sure
that scratch up your first set of shoes
and then the second or third actually
what we have you have some nuts you have
two nuts now we're going to install the
bike
and then you know righty tighty righty
tighty
we're just going to do this by hand you
know make sure the first set of washers
got in their place
shirts you know set in there right no
issues let me use my good old mini vise
grips I don't have any wrenches on hand
at this moment crank it off remember
righty-tighty
all right you don't want it on too tight
just yet
all right now that both they're on there
good everything set in there it's not
too tight the wheel just wheels are
spinning good now we're going to tighten
it up tighten it down so we these bad
boys don't come off while you're reading
oh wait righty-tighty I always forget
that for some reason all right the other
side
alright those are on there good the
spins it's not going anywhere
that's it